your back I will explain to you what has
to be done to defeat the Kraken the
Gorgon Medusa anything a flesh can be
killed by her gaze
how can we use her against the Kraken we
can't control her we'll take her head
clever boy her fetid prison lies across
the river Styx at the edge of the
underworld but there's more don't you
want to know more yes
tell him don't listen to her
go on your chubby does not end well you
will not survive prophecy said so what
it's a lie coming history it is fate
asked Ohio she knows it's true she knows
you've known this all along no not until
they told you
to leading me to my death
I didn't know that's how it would end I
can't see the future
these men are dying for nothing
that isn't true fate must have a reason
that isn't good enough Perseus
there's nothing I can do to change this
no its feet stay away from me
fashioned a shield from the scorpions
very rare and high-quality item look we
can fight anything that breathes but not
this not faith
they believe in fate what about you
it wasn't the gods who helped me up
there
long way back to Argos tell us where to
go and we'll follow let's go I hope you
aren't needed here
Madusa is in the underworld I'm the only
one who knows the way
I don't like this as long as she gets us
where we need to go Andromeda needs us
we go to the underworld we kill Medusa
come here
over here